docs: mention `system.nix` as alternative to flakes' multiple nixos configs (#1234)
nix-dot-dev/nix.dev: source/concepts/flakes.md

- Use flakes as thin wrappers over existing Nix code.
  This way, code can be used in both ways.
- Use Nix modules: flake users can import these with `flake = false;`.

> - To expose multiple NixOS configurations from a single entrypoint, [`system.nix`].

Reviewer: I guess this should mention "available since 26.05" currently this is information is hidden inside a release note; worth pointing out here.

> - To expose multiple NixOS configurations from a single entrypoint, [`system.nix`] (available since 26.05).

Reviewer 2: What about using a full sentence?
```suggestion
- Since NixOS 26.05, one or more NixOS configurations can be loaded from a single `system.nix` entrypoint, see [`system.nix`].
```
